This is a head-gum original.
There it is again, right? The fucking balloons?
I think it's like a little bit.
I think when I put up two peace signs, things happen.
You guys should try it.
It's like a zoom thing.
But I didn't turn it on.
I thought it was standard.
If you guys don't do this, I can't hear anything.
Can't hear me.
Hello?
I can hear anything.
Not really.
By that time it was doing something crazy.
Did you guys see the balloons?
Yeah.
Wait, Jeff.
Just like that.
Does it happen on yours?
The thumbs up starts to load.
No, you have to hold it for like three seconds.
That's a quality podcasting.
No.
Nothing.
I really wanted Will to be like,
and you get shot.
No, not like that.
No, that's not it.
That can't be it.
Will?
For sure.
There's only your second appearance, right?
See? Yeah.
People love you on the first one.
Sorry.
They've been begging for your return.
But you could disappoint them on the second go around.
You might not get a third, right?
Yeah.
But really if they're disappointed,
and I don't come back,
it wouldn't be a huge problem for me.
And I have to write it down.
Yeah, like this.
This showed us.
No, not like this showed us.
You don't know Will.
Like Brad and I know Will.
Is that true?
Will.
Is that.
I don't know.
He's not.
He's not denying it.
You're not.
I can't.
I would.
Yeah.
Brad.
Maybe Jeff.
There's no way.
Smile.
Now we're fucking talking.
All right.
Look how he really smiles.
Smile.
I've never let you go.
Everyone just smile.
Then we looked great.
Then we looked happy.
Then we looked.
Borderline.
Chappy.
Like we're all chams.
Chams.
Okay.
Colorado or Colorado.
Are you in Utah?
Do.
Baby.
No.
Go into that.
Don't.
Calm down.
I'm going to Utah later.
When.
Right after this.
I stayed in town for this record.
Fish.
That doesn't seem worth it.
And that's not my fault for asking you to do.
I was.
You don't have the negative.
Sorry.
I don't have the negative.
No.
Sorry.
One second.
Really?
Yeah.
Me too.
And I'm regretting it.
Really?
A little bit.
But we'll see you.
So I'm happy.
I'm happy to be here guys.
Thanks.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Right.
Are you happy to be here?
I.
Yeah.
I'm happy.
I'm not as happy as.
It seems like you are artificially.
But it's been fun so far.
Well, let's talk about it.
AI.
Right.
Artificial intelligence.
What about our AJ.
Artificial joy.
Is it still being joy?
If it's artificial as it's still getting wise.
If you're using chat GPT.
Last time I was on it was chat GPGFBT.
Yeah.
Chat.
Has it come back?
I haven't.
I mean, maybe every time you're on the show, we'll do chat.
Jeff PT.
We could do that later if you want.
But just know that if it goes sour, it's going to be like, yeah.
What's that?
It's not about what I want.
Stay tuned or day two.
I said stay tuned.
Okay.
And you don't know what to say.
Day two.
Yeah.
Boy.
Oh.
This has to be some setting.
Yeah.
All right.
For me and nobody else.
I'm using a special alpha version.
It's only in here point.
It's so fast.
But first I wondered if it was triggered by just like zoom recognizing that the background is like a bad house.
But that, you know, this is the office.
So it's like, it could be you anywhere.
And I wonder if it's, you know, really to the human.
Hmm.
Because like you didn't do any renovations when you moved in, right?
It was just kind of a white box, turn key, but not that interesting.
Uh, it was.
Yeah, I didn't do many reservations.
Reservations.
Oh, man.
Come on, dude.
This is the low point of my life.
It's awesome.
Are you guys all in your 20s?
No.
Jeff and I are almost the same age.
Really?
I think Jeff, are you 26?
What's that?
Are you 26 years old?
Pay attention.
25.
97.
97, man.
Yeah, it's old for sound, though.
Yeah, the soundboard's not coming through.
If that was a soundboard bit, we can't hear the soundboard.
You can't hear any of the soundboard.
No.
Are you kidding me?
What number episode is this?
It changes all the time.
No, damn it.
Holy shit.
Oh my god.
I think it's that was a grab.
He was heard.
He was out.
We heard the clap.
There it is.
Okay, because I've been playing a ton of stuff, including, I did, like, a song mashup just now.
Between careless whisper and bad day by Daniel Pewter.
Let's hear it.
Powder.
Powder, really?
Can you add about egg?
I'm so hot.
Yeah.
I'm so bad.
You say you don't go, tell me don't lie.
That's not really a mashup.
Yeah, it's.
It's more of just playing two songs on top of it.
What do you think a mashup is?
That is a mashup.
Not really.
Yeah, mashup is usually a more cleverly interviewer.
Library, it's just wind.
It's Ryan and this is B clever now. It's B joy. We were adding to the mantra of the show
Did you did you hear the new ones that we added? It's B joy get wise and bellish faith and then there was a fourth one that I've already forgotten
Faith the faith the faith the that's really good
Let's get into some shit. Let's start with the fucking thing we have to do every episode
Bond of the week. I'm going with Garrett light
Who he's the sunglasses guy, right? So it's gonna be instead of James Bond. It'll be frames bond
There's something there. No fuck you guys
Just like it's a lot of effort into the shit every week
Garrett light is you putting a lot of effort into this every week. Okay. Let's get yours
Out of the way and then I have something I want to talk to you guys about he made a mash up
Mine is David burn in a big old suit
Time for James Bond to be wearing a big old suit
Yeah, so it's insane. I want to mark you and he's shaken not stirred
But his shoulders are like four feet wide. Yes, and he sounds like shown company
Well, Kevin McCarthy that's good because he needs a drummer speaker
And
Curried a lot
Group on you have the broccoli's gonna love him
What did you just say the broccoli's they're gonna love us
Susan or whatever yeah
Is it no way broccoli that family they did
Yeah, we created they're the erases of broccoli fortune. Do you get a
A raise a jewel every time someone buys or makes broccoli if you invent a vegetable
I think it's on every stock
Stocks points on the problem
Now we're somewhere
That's really good Brad Bond of the week
Fuck I already said who did you say I said David burn in a big suit. Oh, yes, sorry
It's just indicative that it's already you right now. I'm in my heart. Oh, no, like
emotionally
It's hard because I started it really tired and now I'm getting caffeinated
That from Alfred recipe for success. It's not from Alfred. It's from Gogettom Tiger and
I was I went there. We were supposed to meet there and you didn't show up remember?
No, you didn't say let's meet there at 12 and then I didn't show up
You said let's hang out on Saturday. I said I'm down and then I never thought it's not good
It's not ideal, but it's not as bad as what you just made it sound like
Yeah, where am I mentally now I'm getting pissed right?
There's a real bullet point that I had I said let's talk about Brad's descent into madness slash failure
So no bond of the week for me
Chance I did not did that out of my chance you went back to Brad instead of me and then you moved on
That segment I was trying to get you out of doing it the way
We're here
I'm here who's your fucking bond of the week man
You don't deserve it now
You skipped me
That didn't bring it up so that you would circle back. I'm giving you a live note
Is it a live note or are you you just didn't have one, but you want to have a big stink out of it. Yes, stink
So Brad's descent into madness slash failure. I have one out of fear and just did
Now that I had a beat to think about it
You could have had to think about it before we moved on, obviously you kind of dig dug your heels in you said
I don't have one now. I kind of don't even want to tell you what it is
You don't have one
I do now
So let's fucking hear it
Don't even let her not tell you
I don't care
The segments bad
It was fun when they were talking about bond
You know Daniel Craig's exit
Now it's been a year and a half nobody gives a shit, right?
It's not fun. It's not fun whether you say it, but you know what we have to see it through
Otherwise the whole thing is worse
It's damaged control
We could like come back to it like after the break or something
Or the week
Interesting just completely switch it up. I mean my would probably work for both just because it's a person
Okay, well, what about crews of the Tom?
What's that? So who's gonna be the next Tom crews in mission impossible the white crews of the Tom?
Can we just like let some shit happen the way it happens?
Audibly the national test
This was going to happen today and it happens
Wow
Every funny if it was it was international test, but it was they're supposed to be in an international test
But then the notification pops up on your phone and it's clear that I've kidnaps a child
Set a nuclear bomb in Hawaii and nobody is just always attention to man five eleven thin ankles
Breven
night
Who is that?
Breven night? Yeah, the only name that's been said new bond
Oh, he was on the calves. Yeah, he was on the calves. I'm surprised. He didn't know slush care. I wasn't alive when he was
Went to stand for that matters. It doesn't all right
Well, you've moved to the at the big apple. We're not doing Brad's descent
We can skip that
No, you're right. Let's talk about Brad's descent into madness slash gladness slash yeah
Having a Brad day
Getting points on the Brad end
What do you think about like a PTI style rundown of the show?
PTI?
Pay time in the interruption
Next next next
Oh, you mean like there's like the tracker thing yeah, and you see what's going to come up next
Yeah, we could do that. It's just I'd have to figure out how to do that organically in the zoom on the day in the room
Because otherwise it would just be for people watching the end products which kind of isn't is interesting
Oh, I could give you guys like an itinerary going into it. Yeah, just part of it. Sorry. Not yeah, just let me finish
Part of it is like the element of surprise part of it is like you guys not knowing what's gonna happen
I'm a spoke earlier and everyone laughed at me and then you said something stupid
He said could you not pick a part everything I say? So which one is it? Do we laugh at people that make mistakes or do we not pick a part
Whatever they say or is it more of a double standard? I think there's like a perfect middle ground
Where we're like letting shit happen as it's supposed to organically and we're also like comedically
For comic effect being oh shit will set something crazy, you know? Yeah, but there's a difference between that and like tearing
Some one apart like lighting them ablaze at the stake. Yeah, you also made fun of my house
It makes just a bite. You're not gonna do the value. No, Brad's house is good, but you're a rental bread
No, I own the house
We might have a whole lot of it. We might have to start talking about how like
Because you didn't move in and do a lot of renovations
Huh, I actually do sense of the renovations
I'm gonna try to figure out how you add, right? So like you know the number one
Yeah, I'm gonna build some personal finances for y'all
I thought I build wealth for you
That don't need you to do that. What does that have to do with the renovation
Because we're talking about Brad's descent into madness slash failure and let me tell you what a failure could be
It could be being in a market like
Sorry, I'll leave that
No, you can't just cut your mistakes
You have to do this
In a market like Los Angeles in a market like Portland, right? These aren't
All what constantly appreciating housing markets and so if you don't maximize that
Brad tensile that a mere tensile if you don't end
500 grand higher than what you bought in that that's a fucking failure on Brad's part
Points on the Brad end. I don't think so because guess what inflation outpaste your ass
Right, what are the value ads for the house of Brad's right?
Square footage extra square footage retiling the bathroom
Right picking out a fucking grout. Are we
prelaying the tiles Brad are we buying and sheets where these hex tiles are just so
And all you need is the fucking sheets of grout
So this is this is so bad stop talking
Brad, which was how long I could talk at you until you broke
This is an interesting to you guys
You just about yelling out
You have not just you can own a home and not add any Brad you can know but like oh, I added Brad
Did you do any work whatsoever Brad on the house? Yeah quite a bit yeah really what you do
He luck sorry. I'm sorry to ask but he luck
He lock home equity line of credit in terms
No, this is not a half conversations of art. I live in a studio
Yeah, you're honest about this shit because yeah if you buy into with a partner, maybe you know if you get the house for the right price right interest rate
Maybe it's possible
You bring it up alone
You're a lot of renovations
You said a lot I
paid cash. I
Got to figure out how to save money more because Brad seems to be like rolling in it and he has the CRT in the background
He has like the trips to Colorado don't which is also known as Utah and
You know will sitting here. He's beside himself. He's befuddled. He's been used. He's loving it
He's glowing really
It's really a rental
Yeah, I'm in the office today. It'd be really
Cute if I hung up pictures like of a mirror in a live show
I'll send you some yeah, I did for a second forget you were in the office and I was like wow
Will some sex with head go my home printer
It's home away from home
I have it in one of our station a lot
How did you find an apartment in New York how does that work now a day old? I mean I had an easy
Old roommate had a room of ale
So I just fill it in
Slide into his that's the living rooms. That's the easiest and the street-est thing that you could have done
Rather than looking on street easy the street easiest way to find an apartment is to have a friend
That was the place it's house the place of apartment
It's good. It's an adjustment. It's an adjustment. It's a strange toggle level. Yeah Chicago. I was up on top
Covered in trees big daddy that I've been yeah, now
That big daddy you a
Yeah, like it's got all yours out top floor. I be big daddy kind of thing. I'm sorry
What was that?
Sorry continue
But it's an adjustment. I'm loving it though. There's so much going on here. You know
Where are you in town? We'll bleep it up at just for my records. Don't tell him
Does it help if I stop slow?
No
It's a pull it's like up. It's mortal is the M-stop, but then there's qualt skiers white golf
Not quite cough
Come on. It's like something that you guys do on this show all the time
You guys
I liked it well
Like off with that I don't I don't think I heard what you said because there was like a zoom blip and that's not
I think I'm gonna excuse I really was like I didn't know if you said a pun on why you don't need to give an excuse
Um
That hurt his ears
We uh we have to take a break. We'll be right back
Time to advertise a show that is I think hates women. Are you a millennial who misses what life was like in the
2000s? Have you had a hard time finding new or curated music? Are you interested in multiple
Perspectives on relationships and dating and are looking for hosts that offer a non-male bashing perspective
But also a whole both sex is accountable
Then you're gonna love see the thing is a podcast hosted by Grammy award-winning R&B artist Bridget Kelly and media
Personalities slash podcast trailblazer
Mandy bee twice a week Bridget and Mandy have nostalgic conversations in their grown segments
Political and pop culture conversations in their honest segments and relationship and hot take conversations in the slightly toxic segment
The opinions on the show are real and they're brought to you by the genuine connections that the ladies have with the guests that they like to call their friends with benefits
Each week you'll leave the show with some new music recommendations or even a curated playlist that you didn't even know
You needed in their fresh squeezed music segment most recently the ladies have sat down with Ari Lennox Van Lathen
Durema Kesson Chloe Bailey and Neo
Follow and subscribe to see the thing is on Spotify, Apple podcasts or on YouTube new audio episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday and video episodes
Are available on YouTube every Wednesday and Saturday. Check it out
And we're back
I have here written down at the time to talk about amir's never wasness
So
Basically
Figure out where he went wrong in his career. Is that fair you said I never went right so according to never wasness
No, I didn't say never went right. It's just that you never quite got there. There's a huge difference
Right? Well, the difference between a has been and a never was is that it has been had something and lost it and
A never was never had it at all. So which one do you think I am? I think you were on your way well on your way by the way
And you fucked it all up and I want to know the exact moment where that happened. Are you ready? Sure
I am on amir's IMDB
We're gonna go in we're in chronological order from the beginning of your career according to the internet movie database
This says
That the first television appearance. Well, first of all, we should say that the first thing you ever did was chicken
I'm here, right?
That's one IMDB
Yeah
It was on IMDB
It was a hit
What can I say? I mean
Enemy is one of the greatest web series of all-time probably of the early internet and
You guys kind of struck this balance right between absurdity and groundedness
That push and pull right Jake's like every man and you're like fucking dumbass shit
I don't know I think a lot of people found it amazing
Thank you
It's good a commercial again
I
Have to stop saying we never do this because we do it a lot
Um
That movie came out when you guys were born
Got me
I saw it a drive in theater
2007 first
Fucking credit is Jake and Amir and again it was a hit
Next thing I'm seeing
Next thing I'm seeing is Jimmy Kimmel live
Okay
Big time whoa holy shit you're on Jimmy Kimmel why
Jimmy Kimmel live Jimmy Kimmel why
No
Not really this is a high right what were you
It was for prank war it was like he saw the prank war videos and wanted to interview me and streeter about it
Okay, so let's watch this clip if we can find it Jimmy Kimmel
Amir
Bloom and fell
We'll see you to the count that seems to find a lot of like oh here it is okay
episodes just put it up
I'm going to
Pop this up on screen share and we'll see if maybe this interview is what did you wrong
There's that big side
Come on next guest we'll stop at nothing to humiliate really we did it
Yeah, let's see how that job and not someone like me the point is these guys have done terrible things to each other
You can see their prank wars on the college human website and they're showing MTV's called prank
Please welcome Amir Bloom and fell in streeter side out
Right there, right?
Let's talk about the outfit
Under shirt tee shirt under shirt yeah button down oxford tucked into
Selvish denim
And sure it's sort of the same is what streeter was wearing
This is streeter looks great. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, this is great. I mean, this is oh nine so yeah, it does feel that's what I'm saying for oh nine
It's like streeter could wear that today and he would look good
Obviously the materials would be slightly different. We're talking linen shirt maybe like an earth tone instead of that black but for 2009 that was great
I'm saying even for the time you look like garbage here
I think what would you change
Definitely not V-neck. Sorry. I was gonna just let it ride and I was gonna stop being normal
Is streeter just said Danny to be done. I should have done V-neck
Amir was like maybe I should have done V-neck because you have a word
Your hand I'm saying no undershirt no undershirt. No undershirt no undershirt. Here we go
We've hugged a little man
Yeah, bigger man than you, but yeah, great
This is seven minutes. Are you doing why don't you put your arm around Davida like I feel you're not
No, you're being
You you look nervous first of all. Let's be honest about that. Well, this is a first talk show
This is like an exciting moment. I was I'm not saying I'm saying it's fine to be nervous. That's fine. I'm saying it's fine to be nervous
I'm just saying you look really nervous streeter's also nervous
But he's like looking Jimmy in the eye. He's not putting his arm around an a-list
I haven't done or said anything to the clip yet
See you guys alive. I'm glad to see you in one piece because I know that eventually is gonna get out of hand
Daddy haven't seen this house. I want to do this. I was stuck around for two reasons. Yes. I want to find out how
You do this. What are you doing? And also there's a lot of women show a left. Yeah, we got to do it
Oh, we're shy. Pass that down. Hey, yeah, I thank you
There's a little thank you for you and now tell us about some of the things that you've done and uh
We'll toast them. I'll explain it. All right, right tell what you do to each other. I'll see you. I have less to veto hanging
Yeah, you didn't cheers to veto, but you could put your arm around him
This looks like Jimmy Kim will just made your kill list. No, I'm not
You're leaning in glaring at him. Look how real you're really looking to every single thing with a fine tooth
This is just a predator
I won't be mad. I won't be mad if we spend the rest of the episode on this clip alone because I think you might have done it
I think you won't be
I'm
Trying to manage the things he's wanted to have. There you go. Jesus Christ
I tricked him to think he won $1.5 million taking a blindfolded basketball shot
What else? I just
Really embarrassing audition tape and I showed it to everyone. Well, I mean, they're no hitch pranks like I've got my other deck
You're getting defensive online television. It's sort of we were playing the character of like
Buddies that were mad at each other even the street is basically that character
We had to basically tell Jimmy Kimmel that they were all real when in fact they were not Jimmy Kimmel
He didn't know
You went to a Yankee game with his girlfriend and I put a marriage proposal from Steve to his girlfriend
But it was not me
She said yes. She slapped him
He said no and then and you're not still together. They're not together
So there's a lot of pressure to perform because these have become very popular in the internet
It's like a yeah, there's a build and skip ahead to the video
Next one so he's gonna spend it
So this is a skydiving thing. What do you guys do?
No, it's classic
Okay, you made him believe that he didn't have a parachute
Yeah, he didn't believe that he didn't have a parachute
Let's see what Jimmy Kimmel and let's see how you react
I'm laughing it's fun
Yeah
We're choosing okay, well, let's take a poll. I don't want to just you know and view what I think will Brad
Do you think this is the moment where a mere kind of doomed himself to be less dumb at best?
Be like this this had to feel great. Yeah, I'm proud of you. I'm here. Thank you. Yeah
What's your career highlight we'll point within the prank war was this were there more pranks to come was this promo or was this
I look this was for RSS TV show
This was to I think this was the like I'm not the host. I'm starting to feel so sorry
You'll pick it up to everybody. No, I want everybody. Yeah, I just I'm just I just I just want the feeling to be acknowledged and then we can
All right, are you done making fun of my jeans or something because we'll add an actual question
I'm done
This was after the final prank war episode. Yeah, I was to promote the clip on college humor
All right moving on on your I'm David on
The next thing is let's talk about something more interesting which is categorized as a video what is this?
No idea
Stevie and Melania sarcastically interview various celebrities
Yeah, maybe another web video that we did like an interview. Oh, it's just a web bit. Okay. I'm trying
Great because we already tackle Jake and Amir which I by the way very general see said was a hit
So I'm trying to say like you breaking into the mainstream media
Which hasn't happened yet as we go through your um oh here we go last call with Carson daily
You were on this yeah, this was like after it was a even a talk show they just had like me and Jake
Introduced some clips and stuff like that who was very
Unavantful last call Jake and Amir here we go. It's not nothing coming up so they don't even have us
Yes, social media. We didn't even make Carson it was very low-fi
All right here we go
Box Angel is what is that a podcast
It's
It says what where did it even go box Angel is it says self guest so it's it like another interview
Yeah, like I said I was a guest on a box Angel is I'm gonna see if this is where you fucked it
You're gonna watch a fucking two hour long interview with me not the whole thing, but we'll just kind of skip
Shit, okay
It says I'm your blue and filled I try funny
What is this
Well, this definitely wasn't where you broke through
Okay, first one describe what you're doing three words. This is depressing set by the way
Why do you have all of us
I had a lot of like bassists
Yeah, he's Davenport as you know the he's Davenport interviews
Oh, he's Davenport in the show the most famous guy around here is
That this is where you broke in man
What let's get real. This was a low point. Let's walk. I'm funny. Oh
Yeah, I've got it quick and succeed. Sorry. I try funny. I try yeah, oh
Amendment because whether you are funny or not that's subjective
How do you try for you?
Yeah, I was sweet pre-comic videos. I will write articles. I will make videos
I will have podcasts. I tried funny said videos. Well. Yeah, I'll cyberpimps left
Why was that clip down?
I think he was just trying to make his many this was like pre-tick-talk in Instagram
Reels he was just like making shorter YouTube content to try to get his numbers up
YouTube ad blitz sorry to interrupt. YouTube ad blitz. What is that?
That was
Some like super bowl something that YouTube was doing to
I don't know I don't really remember they were
Oh, it was like after the Super Bowl YouTube would show every
Super Bowl commercial or something so called the YouTube ad blitz and they only were in a Super Bowl
Fluenters. No, I was an a commercial for the product that would just show other people's commercials
Oh
Yeah, oh
Saying I was like oh, he shit Super Bowl commercial would have been a great fucking moment to be like, oh, maybe you maybe are more successful than I thought
But again, I'm saying you didn't quite make it to your potential
How much commercial
We're 33 minutes into this. We have more time. So let's keep going
Harold and Kumar. Let's say that that's where you kind of that was the closest you got to the sun
That was bizarre. That was that was before most of the stuff. Yeah
The I your I and to be is all over the place. We were kind of chronological. Yeah, I'm tired
You've told the story about this before the director knew the Jake and Amir or something and he wanted you in the video
Yeah, Todd Strauss Charleston did a bunch of like college humor shorts. So he was in our universe then he got this movie
And they needed help casting it so he recommended me 100% and then
What happened after didn't do a good job didn't like doing it was it your choice that you didn't do another movie
I was fun and it was half my choice half Hollywood's decision
So I would like audition for stuff after and then I would just not do anything and then I'd be like
I don't want to audition anymore. I don't like auditioning and I honestly didn't love doing the movie
It was fun to be in a film, but I wasn't like this is my passion side. Yeah, and what is your eyes?
I think I like eating people and being like oh should we get this hot like I like doing my own comedy
Not necessarily like reading other people's lines over and over and a really slow three month process and then waiting
Yeah, I remember there was one time in 2017 or something you were like hey
I need to like shoot the self tape. Can you help me out? I was like sure we went up to the studio in the old loft office
And you like didn't put any effort into it
You hadn't memorized the lines and I remember being like do you want to do more time with it?
And you're like no, I don't want to get the job
I just have to do this because my agents keep yelling at me that I'm not submitting right exactly
I eventually just let go of agents and managers and
Estude that part of my
Representation. I was like, I don't need to do these commercials. I don't need to do these
Auditions anymore. I don't like doing it, but I don't want to get the roles anyway
Yeah
How much of your life you would you say you wasted on sending in auditions that you didn't want?
Hours maybe three four hours
That's it total. Well cuz each audition was well cuz each audition you made you know if you meant that yeah
Did I say maybe you're there
Because so maybe it's
So
No, I'm just saying maybe that's where you fucked it all up right there's four people but like I feel like I'm being
Happy and really started like that and we'll are just sitting here
I think that there are a reason that the Christmas bonus is what would go away
I feel like you but I'm not salaried right kind of her salaried Brad is salaried that's how he was able to do the major gut reno
Let's pre-head you know
Where are you working then Brad?
Where are you working and don't say the Oregon College of Health and Sciences
What is it?
That's yeah, I won because I thought where I was working
Well, where are you from Milwaukee?
Me
Will in Florida in Florida Orange County Florida moved to Orange County California
Went to college
Which is ours are
Orange County most common county name in the country
Got it all right um just
Or your record
Well, can we all take a vote where do we think of mirrors
Career went down the toilet
Because I think it was when you fired your representation. I think we eventually got there
It's that you haven't even had the at bats since what 2018
Yeah, it's been five years
Overlapping dialogue we had it last week and I wonder if it was because Marika because you were in a better mood
It's because you spent the last 15 minutes
dissecting my career
In a negative fashion. I don't feel the need to jump in and join you
Jovioli
You've done well for yourself. I feel like that's how we can end this segment on a high note is that you're pretty rich
Like at least for what you do you like you know you make well above six figures which is pretty
Uncommon good you don't know anything you don't know anything so that doesn't mean anything
Because you don't know anything
Refinanced in 2021 at the 2.9% interest rate
Did you not because why would not do one need to anyone
You got a 25 is he let you go make what you want them
Get back to it
Um, I'm just trying to figure out how to make a name slash
Wall it for myself. You are just trying to figure out how to
But maybe don't spend the actual show just trying to figure out how to
Maybe before the show starts you should just figure out how to and then show starts you fucking do the thing that you figured out how to
Let's finish up by hearing about your time in New York your time
Working out of the headgum office because you haven't been able to do that for your entire tenure until now
Yeah, I'm visited briefly, but this is the first
Extend that I'm not a visitor wearing briefly which is sort of like a new sponsor where it's trying to like get
Men to go from the box or briefs to the just straight up brief cut trying to get like got middle package
Yeah, it's been good
Um, do you ever go to the Johnson's that's my favorite bar?
No, I gotta go
Send me a pin drop me a pin pros and pin killers pros and pin killers pros and pin killers
Uh-huh
Are you good? I'm fine. I'm gonna good time. I'm sorry
Are you good at hosting?
You tell me I think we've been having a good time. I think the episode is gonna be
Really don't even know to share a lot about gash cab people loved that now. I was like money yourself
We'll do the next episode in person. We'll do the next episode in person because we get to do it
For a mirror's wedding
Yeah, no
I love pointing out that a mirror's getting married soon to people at the company who weren't invited you do
That's hard because it was a small wedding, right? We should say that you
Thousands of people are attending
Oh
Tencent my husband's really so where was my invite and definitely where was my boss?
The problem is the people that were invited got a plus 100 so everyone sort of got to invite a full wedding of people to the wedding
And then I invited 10 people I invited a hundred and they invited a hundred each. It's a multi-level marketing
Sam slash day of my life
I would love if your wedding was a publicly ticketed event at so far
Well, we are monetizing it. Oh, we are monetizing it. What do you mean?
You know it's a big one and then ask a question you chose the answer and it was to make one so no question
Well, I first of all, you know, just because I've been trying to
And be more gratitude into my life
I want to leave
I want to thank Brad for making the time because I know that you're on a trip, you know, you're on a vacation
So Brad thinks for offering up these 40 minutes
For this, you know, which I know that is always the most fun experience, especially for you
Let's ride out
Will
Yes, sorry. Let's do plugs and then let's do one last thing
So let's start with the well plugs
If you're in New York, let me know
Weird
I will
Thanks for having me
Let me know if you're in LA
This is for the listener or
Will
What I'm all right Brad plugs
Go follow my new podcast on Instagram at Hill King's pod
We might have an episode out soon. Great and
No follow up on the podcast or what it is and what is the podcast about I feel like that's on King of the Hill
Rewage podcast
That's tough for me to swallow
It's pretty fun
It's a video pod
We've got visual gags. I know how to screen share which is a plus
That's
And I do know how to share
That sounds great most of the last thing he said
Let's ride out with a
Historic moment on the show
It's the first
Head gum staffer
Some bit in the right song from Brad's band
Not sharing out of you. No, can't hear it
Can you hear it now? Yeah, yeah, it's good
Wait, no, this is an original
It's not it's a
Pretty
You play the whole thing
It's the first one that's listenable. I would put this on in the car
Don't get over a rice though
Sounds better
We're going to write out on this eventually, but what I want.
Can you walk us through these lyrics?
Do you have them pulled up?
Yeah.
I have them right here, actually.
Right.
Down, handwritten.
Let's see.
Handwritten in my little note, but there we go.
You'll have Jasmine long grain or not, sure.
Some sticky rice that I'll cook in a pot, you know, you know, I'll eat rice.
You took the rice right out my mouth.
A side of soy, I said without any doubt, you know, I'll burn rice too.
And then we have the chorus and I'll eat rice and over that burn rice baby, parboiled
the side of soy, parboiled rice baby, scoop up a ricey boy, sand baby, run rice,
any hana, bomba, baby, oh girl, you know, I want to and that repeats.
I like it.
What?
It's real good.
It's as cacophonuses any one I've ever done and mirrors immediately like I love it.
Well, he was able to sort of take your chicken shit and turn it into chicken salad on rice.
Let's go.
There's no way that doesn't mean anything.
To do.
Did you say I got rice clout, so I keep grains in.
Okay.
As in, I keep grains in fashion and style.
I have rice clout.
Beat it again.
I said without any doubt, you know, it's on speed.
As in, I'm keeping grains in fashion.
Oh, there it is.
I want grains made in the south.
Something about birds.
Some burnt up grits that'll ruin my mouth.
So you're eating it immediately off the pan.
Yeah, bird.
Then the chorus again.
We can skip it.
Skip this, okay.
Jeffery, I can't chew it.
Yep.
Awful.
It sounds so bad there.
This is the chorus again.
Right?
Say that again.
It's the head gun podcast.
Jeffery's out of his mind.
Okay.
How come every time Jeffery bales when we climb?
Leaning?
You bale every time I try to hang.
Okay.
That was a metaphor.
It's just, it's less funny because it's a good song.
And it's produced well.
Good episode, but very uneven.
The song was great.
But Jeff kept dragging the entire flow of the hour down and we would resuscitate.
And then he would be like an anchor dragging us down and grounding us down and grounding
us.
Yeah, an anchor like me.
No, we're holding it down.
Drown, holding us down, drowning.
Drown, dig us.
Really?
Yeah, pulling me under water against all odds.
It was a good show to credit wheeling.
I was going to say, yeah, the spike wills best efforts.
No, no.
We don't.
Not even, uneven episode.
Bumper.
Yeah, bumps in the road.
You're a bump of a guy.
I try to be good.
You're a rough.
Yeah.
You are the rough.
That, yeah.
Yeah.
And it's right there.
With you agreeing.
That was a hit-dum original.